# Text Distance

This directory contains four files:

- `15pairs_16text-distance-metrics.txt` - the results of computing 16 different text distance functions (from the [Python textdistance package](https://pypi.org/project/textdistance/)) on 15 pairs of descriptions that were selected to exhibit varying degrees of copying and editing/addition. (local name is trial1_JB_handpickedpairs_RESULTS.txt).
- `RatcliffObershelp_sequenceMatcher_comparison.txt` - for each of 21 descriptions this gives four scores for 21 pairs (including a comparison of description with itself): (i) ratcliff_obershelp; (ii) SequenceMatcher.ratio; (iii) SequenceMatcher.quickratio (a quick estimate of the highest possible value); and (iv) SequenceMatcher.realquickratio (a very quick estimate of the highest possible value) . (local name is trial2_21LWLdescriptions_RESULTS_1.txt).
- `pairwiseComparisonResults.tsv` - a selection of 1649 LWL-BMSat pairs with sequenceMatcher.ratio > 0.5. Each tab-separated lines contains: sequenceMatcher.ratio; the length (in characters) of the LWL description; a Boolean value which is true if the string ‘British Museum online’ appears in the LWL description (case insensitive match); the LWL description; and, the BMSat description. (local name is trial3_LWL_X_BMSat_RESULTS.tsv )
- `pairwiseComparison.py` - the Python script used to make `pairwiseComparisonResults.tsv`. (local name is trial3_LWL_X_BMSat.py). NB this code is not properly commented (yet). 

**CW: these records contains descriptions that are structurally raced, sexed, classed, and gendered, in addition to including a small number that contain offensive and insensitive terms. The inclusion of the terms in this dataset is not an endorsement of such language or an uncritical tolerance of the perpetuation of such language. For our related work on this topic see James Baker and Andrew Salway, ‘Curatorial Labour, Voice and Legacy: Mary Dorothy George and the Catalogue of Political and Personal Satires, 1930–54’, *Historical Research* (2020), [https://doi.org/10.1093/hisres/htaa026](https://doi.org/10.1093/hisres/htaa026).**
